this is a mysterious mystical adventure
never spend the whole day reading
forgetting the world around you
forgetting to eat thirsty
then this must be for you story that
never ends there's nothing to fear a
trail how do you know my name I gave it
to you
Trey you Selena my tree we can't
understand why the childlike Empress
chose you
isn't that yes the Oran it will guide
you and protect you anger and jealousy
transform my sisters a day into an evil
force dark princess is your sister yes
and if she can't get what she wants
shall reduce Fantasia to a barren
wasteland
I see the chosen one has decided to pay
a significant
ah don't let him get away
what is this
started losing hope so my grandfather
built this thing to look like
to give them something to believe in
while he's searched through the genuine
article
I order you to stop a simple woodland
boy and
no rest for the good morning boys and
girls
I baked this book in a regular book you
can just skip over the bad parts and you
still get to the end if it's a regular
book you won't take your pick
but you chose a neverending story I bet
you were on a quest and you can't just
quit when the going gets tough we go go
up go up
it's the village it's just the beginning
of the story and the end is for nothing
I've seen places where Fantasia has come
back alive village has reappeared
forests grown back things I died of
reborn this is a great book
remember packs a wallop
you